Translated post-types.md (#26)
jawordpressorg/plugin-handbook: plugins/post-types.md

<!--
# Custom Post Types
-->
# カスタム投稿タイプ

> <!--
> WordPress stores the Post Types in the `posts` table allowing developers to register Custom Post Types along the ones that already exist.
> -->
> WordPress は投稿タイプを posts テーブルに保存しており、開発者は既に存在する投稿タイプに加え、カスタム投稿タイプを登録することができます。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--
WordPress stores the Post Types in the `posts` table allowing developers to register Custom Post Types along the ones that already exist.
-->
WordPress は投稿タイプを `posts` テーブルに保存しており、開発者は既に存在する投稿タイプに加え、カスタム投稿タイプを登録することができます。
```
マークダウン上でコードを表すバッククオートは、原文を引き継いだ方が良いと思います。

> <!--
> This chapter will show you how to [register Custom Post Types](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/post-types/registering-custom-post-types/), how to [retrieve their content from the database, and how to render them to the public](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/post-types/working-with-custom-post-types/).
> -->
> この章では、 [カスタム投稿タイプの登録方法](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/post-types/registering-custom-post-types/)、[データベースからの取得方法](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/post-types/working-with-custom-post-types/)、そして公開方法について説明します。

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--
This chapter will show you how to [register Custom Post Types](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/post-types/registering-custom-post-types/), how to [retrieve their content from the database, and how to render them to the public](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/post-types/working-with-custom-post-types/).
-->
この章では、[カスタム投稿タイプの登録方法](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/post-types/registering-custom-post-types/)、[データベースからコンテンツを取得する方法と公開する方法](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/post-types/working-with-custom-post-types/)について説明します。
```

以下二点をサジェストしました。

- 不要なスペースの削除
- 「retrieve their content from the database, and how to render them to the public」> この部分について、リンクするテキストを原文にあわせ、またより原文に忠実に翻訳しました。
